---
layout: post
event: true
#event information
title:  "Batman's Grappling hook "
cover: "https://cdn.instructables.com/F9B/TIT0/ISCB3KO7/F9BTIT0ISCB3KO7.MEDIUM.jpg"
date:   2016-03-28
start_time: "12:00"
end_time: "13:00"

#event organiser details

organiser: "Swapnil"

---

### Story 

The moons high in the pitch black dark sky. With the bat-signal in the sky, people from Gotham again seems to be in danger. It's time for the villains of gotham, to face there true fear. It's time they meet the Bat of Gotham. 

Batman never ceases to surprise people from his intellect and some carzy gadgets. A Grappling gun is one of those gadgets. Unlike Superman or the Martian, Batman is the only fictional superhero who behind the mask is a billionare playboy, that has trained himself to revenge on injustice ,an oath tempered by a sense of justice. Though he does not have the ability to fly or does not have super strength, he's determination to fight is nonlike others. 

Well, in this instructable we'll be making a grappling gun, very similar to batman. Though its just a prototype, it still fires more or less like the original one. We'll be using Firecrackers to propel a hook with nylon rope to it. The firecracker will be set off electrically using a li-ion battery, that can be easily replaced/recharged. 

### Synopsis
our goal in this project is to inform people about the impact of this tragedy on the people of Nepal and to introduce an invention we designed to address one particular consequence of the disaster, i.e., that people have been left without an adequate source of electricity to power their homes as well as to recharge their mobile phones and other electronic devices.

### Work Force Required
2 People

### Here's a video 
<center><b></b> <iframe width="560" height="315" src="//www.youtube.com/embed/QXhNqKdyEQc" frameborder="0"> </iframe></center>
 
    

### Tags

